# unit3-project

Orlando Lee

I worked on back end up and setting up the models/controllers folders as well as setting up the functions to add a city, delete a city, and edit/update a city in the server.js file. One area of code that I struggled with a bit was adding the search bar onto the index.html file that would filter out cities who's letters matched what the user would input. I was able to implement the same type of search bar on my bookmarks homework and thought that it would be a great filter to add in should the user not want to scroll through each and every city listed in the database. Overall the functionality of the app is where we wanted it to be as a group and I feel like overall the best part about it was how well we worked together in our group. Together we were all very receptive and willing to work with each others different styles. We evenly divided the workload and stayed true to our commitments as well as being prepared to lend a helping hand to whom ever may have needed it. Overall a great group effort. I am more than satisfied with the turnout of it all.

Mason Griffin

I took care of most the CSS and HTML. My preplanning started about a week before the groups were assigned. I knew it would be a full CRUD app with angular, so I took a little time thinking about what kind of sites would use all 7 RESTful routes. I too inspiration in design from maxrichtermusic.com in the over all wireframe. I liked the minimal framing and few steps it took to get where you wanted. I followed that design lead with a color palette I pulled from Pinterest (Yes, its a great resource!). I wanted my colors to be thematically consistent with photos a gathered from a friend's website blog, so I settled on cru, gold, brown and deep navy. I LOVED Marcos' design with his last project with the looping background video, so I reached out to him and he shared a resources that taught me to build it. I chose drone footage that I pulled from youtube of the NYC skyline because I felt it spoke to the travel blog theme. Lastly, I went for the logo. Fortunately, a friend was willing to give me permission for their yoga studio logo. I used the logo for my primary insignia and favicon.

Aaron Smith

I worked mostly on the authentication part of the site, and took part in the planning/brainstorming process of other features of the site. The app obviously features AngularJS throughout and the login feature was no exception. We wanted the modal displaying the login to disappear once a user signs in, instead having the form to create a new location entry show up front and center. We included a welcome message at the top of the page when the user signs in as another way of letting the user know the login was successful. We also implemented the idea of a user only being able to edit or delete entries if they are signed in. All of this could be accomplished using "ng-if" declarations within certain elements in the index.html file.
